Update README.md (#330)
hms-dbmi-cellenics/pipeline: README.md

Turn off firewall or allow incoming traffic. This would allow AWS to send packages to the pipeline, which would otherwise be blocked by the firewall.

1. Open *Firewall Configuration* from the Start Menu.
2. Select **Allow** in the **Outgoing** dropdown menu (Alternatively, set **Status** to OFF).

#### Javascript not connecting to the docker daemon

> When running the pipeline locally if you get: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the pipeline locally you may get the following error: 
```

```bash
Creating mock Lambda function on InfraMock...
Stack with ARN arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:000000000000:stack/local-container-launcher/f693a088 successfully created.
Waiting for Docker events...
pipeline/local-runner/src/app.js:88
    containers.forEach((info) => {
               ^

TypeError: Cannot read property 'forEach' of null
    at Object.callback (pipeline/local-runner/src/app.js:88:16)
    at pipeline/local-runner/node_modules/dockerode/lib/docker.js:428:12
    at Modem.buildPayload (pipeline/local-runner/node_modules/docker-modem/lib/modem.js:297:19)
    at ClientRequest.<anonymous> (pipeline/local-runner/node_modules/docker-modem/lib/modem.js:282:10)
```

> To solve this you need to Allow the default Docker socket to be used by third parties 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this you need to Allow the default Docker socket to be used by third parties:
```
